docs: add additional information to learn the basics doc (#2262)
pankod/refine: documentation/docs/getting-started/learn-basics.md

-   [Join the Discord Community](https://discord.gg/refine) – it is the easiest way to get help, all questions are usually answered in about 30 minutes.
-   [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/pankod/refine/discussions) – ask anything about the project or give feedback.

## General Concepts

-   **refine** core is fully independent of UI. So you can use core components and hooks without any UI dependency.
-   All the **data** related hooks([`useTable`](/core/useTable.md), [`useForm`](/core/useForm.md), [`useList`](/core/data/useList.md) etc.) of **refine** can be given some common properties like `resource`, `metaData`, `queryOptions` etc.

### `resource`

> <!-- `resource` is the endpoint of the API that you want to fetch data from. So, if you want to fetch data from `https://api.example.com/users`, you should set `resource` to `"users"`. -->

Reviewer: We can remove comments

By default, the `resource` value corresponds to the `name` of the resources passed to `<Refine>`.

[Refer to the `<Refine>` documentation to learn more about it. &#8594](/core/components/refine-config.md#name)

### `metaData`

`metaData` is used following two purposes:

-   Generate GraphQL queries using plain JavaScript Objects (JSON).
-   To pass additional information to data provider methods.

[Refer to the `GraphQL` guide to learn how to use `metaData` to create GraphQL queries. &#8594](/guides-and-concepts/data-provider/graphql.md)

How to use `metaData` to pass additional information to data provider methods?

```tsx
useOne({
    resource: "posts",
    id: 1,
    // highlight-start
    metaData: {
        headers: { "x-meta-data": "true" },
    },
    // highlight-end
});

const myDataProvider = {
    ...
    getOne: async ({ resource, id, metaData }) => {
        // highlight-next-line
        const headers = metaData?.headers ?? {};
        const url = `${apiUrl}/${resource}/${id}`;

        //highlight-next-line
        const { data } = await httpClient.get(url, { headers });

        return {
            data,
        };
    },
    ...
};
```

> In the above example, we are passing the `headers` property in the `metaData` object to the `getOne` method. With similar logic, you can pass any properties to specificly handle the data provider methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above example, we pass the `headers` property in the `metaData` object to the `getOne` method. With similar logic, you can pass any properties to specifically handle the data provider methods.
```
